# Wurst Wiki helper

Automatically generates a [Wurst Wiki](https://wiki.wurstclient.net/) page for each feature in the current Wurst version.

These pages can be used as a **starting point** to create Wurst Wiki pages more quickly, but should never be copy-pasted into the Wurst Wiki without **manual fixes**.

## Instructions

1. Set up Wurst as you normally would (see the [README file](https://github.com/Wurst-Imperium/Wurst7/blob/master/README.md) in "master" for how to do that).

2. Go to `(where you saved this repo)/run/wurst`, open the terminal and run the following:
```
mkdir changelogs
git clone https://github.com/Wurst-Imperium/WurstClient.net.git
mv WurstClient.net/_updates changelogs
rm -rf WurstClient.net
```
(If you can't run the last command, just delete the "WurstClient.net" folder manually.)

3. Run Wurst and wait until you see the Minecraft title screen.

4. Done! Your generated wiki pages are saved in `(where you saved this repo)/run/wurst/wiki`.

## Limitations

- This isn't some kind of advanced AI that writes entire wiki articles automatically. It just fills out the data tables and adds some placeholders.

- All entries above the "Changes" section are based entirely on the current version. You should always check to see if something is different in Wurst 6 or ForgeWurst.

- The picture in the hack table is added by simply guessing the filename and hoping that it exists.

- Only checkboxes, sliders and enum settings will have all the data filled out automatically. For other types of settings, only the name and in-game description are added automatically.

- The "Changes" section is generated by parsing changelogs from WurstClient.net, looking for any lines that contain the exact name of the feature and then copying that line word for word into the table. This is a very error-prone method! It misses any changes that don't mention the exact name of the feature and often picks up "garbage lines" that aren't even part of the changelog but just happen to contain the feature's name. You will need to fix this manually pretty much every time, but it's still faster than creating the table from scratch.

- The current version only parses changelogs from the main website, so any ForgeWurst changes will be missing from the "Changes" section.

## Things to add

**Disclaimer:** I'm not promising to add any of these things. They are just ideas that I think would be feasible and useful. Feel free to make a PR if you want to add any of this.

- Also parse ForgeWurst changelogs for the changes table.

- Auto-generate data for all types of settings. Currently missing:
  - BlockSetting
  - BlockListSetting
  - FileSetting
  - ItemListSetting
